Dear Prof. Siminos:
Please return your galleys within a week, if possible, as papers are published in the order that they are completed. If you have any questions, contact me at this email address or you may contact Kelly Thomas at thomas@siam.org.

The galley of the above mentioned paper is ready for your review. PDF files of the manuscript (with queries and copy-editing marks) and the galley itself can be found at www.siam.org/galleys. Before you look for your files, please read the letter from the managing editor, Kelly Thomas, which can be found at the top of the site.

The PDF files are listed by paper number and yours are named 70562-gg.pdf and 70562-ms.pdf ("gg" meaning galley and "ms" meaning manuscript). Click on each file name to view with Adobe Acrobat or Reader. The PDF of the manuscript contains the queries that must be addressed, and the PDF of the galley shows the result of the copy-editing and subsequent corrections to the TeX file. (A helpful pdf explaining editing marks is also available.) There are three ways to address the queries and indicate changes, or "return the galleys," as we refer to it.

1. Make a list of answers to author queries and/or changes and send it via email to chmielewski@siam.org. Be sure to clearly indicate page numbers and to use the journal name and paper number in the subject line (as it appears in the subject line of this message).

2. Use Adobe Acrobat 7, to annotate and indicate answers\changes directly to the pdf file, and send the pdf back as an email attachment. To make annotations to your article, you will need to display the Commenting Tool Bar: Click on Tools at top Main Menu, select Commenting, then Show Commenting Toolbar. If you need more instructions on how to annotate using the toolbar please get assistance using Help at the top Main Menu, select How to, select Comment and Markup. Please note that you cannot edit the text itself.

When sending back the annotated pdf as an email attachment, please use the journal name and paper number in the subject line (as it appears in the subject line of this message).

OR

3. Print a copy of the galley pdf (e.g. 38640-gg.pdf), write your answers and/or changes on the galley, and mail it to my attention at
SIAM
3600 University City Science Center
Philadelphia, PA USA 19104-2688

or fax it to:
215-386-7999 (attn: Lesa Chmielewski)

**Please note that we cannot accept changes in the form of a revised TeX file.

Please return your galleys as soon as possible, as papers are published in the order that they are completed. If you have any questions, contact me at this email address or you may contact Kelly Thomas at thomas@siam.org.

Best wishes,
Samantha Peters
Assistant
Society for Industrial & Applied Mathematics/SIAM
3600 University City Science Center
Philadelphia, PA 19104-2688
email: Peters@siam.org
